[None][infra] Add explicit llmapi-compatibility label gh check when api touched (#14064)
NVIDIA/TensorRT-LLM: .github/pull_request_template.md

Please list clearly what are the relevant test(s) that can safeguard the changes in the PR. This helps us to ensure we have sufficient test coverage for the PR.
-->

## LLM API Compatibility

<!--
If this PR updates files under tests/unittest/api_stability/references/ or tests/unittest/api_stability/references_committed/, apply exactly one of these GitHub labels:

- `api-compatible`
- `api-breaking`

Use `api-compatible` when the accepted LLM API contract change does not break existing users, such as adding an optional argument.

> Use `api-breaking` for any backwards-incompatible LLM API change, regardless of whether the API is committed, prototype, beta, deprecated, or otherwise non-committed. If you use `api-breaking`, the PR title must include `BREAKING`.

Author: Kept `api-compatible` / `api-breaking` intentionally. Those are the current enforced labels for this PR. Amended the template wording to state these exact labels are enforced by the LLM API Compatibility workflow.

- PR description clearly explains what and why. If using CodeRabbit's summary, please make sure it makes sense.
- PR Follows [TRT-LLM CODING GUIDELINES](https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT-LLM/blob/main/CODING_GUIDELINES.md) to the best of your knowledge.
- Test cases are provided for new code paths (see [test instructions](https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT-LLM/tree/main/tests#1-how-does-the-ci-work))

> - If API stability reference files changed, classify the LLM API contract change with `api-compatible` or `api-breaking`; `api-breaking` also needs `BREAKING` in the PR title.

Author: ```suggestion
- If PR introduces API changes, an appropriate PR label is added - either`api-compatible` or `api-breaking`. For `api-breaking`, include `BREAKING` in the PR title.
```

Author: Applied with spacing fixed before `api-compatible`.
